Gigantic Carmine Viper

high

# A market owner can put borrowers in a very unfavorable position and steal money out of lenders

## Summary
A market owner can put borrowers in a very unfavorable position and steal money out of lenders
## Vulnerability Detail
Users can create their own markets with their own terms. Then, lenders and borrowers can use that market to have different deals. However, a market owner can easily steal money out of the borrowers and leave them in an extremely unfavorable situation, leave them without any principal to take but with the obligation to pay back the loan which means that they can either pay it out even though they did not receive any principal amount or decide to not pay it and have their collateral taken as well as have their account reputation marked by the system.

The scenario that I will explain will be in a case where a lender and a market owner have teamed up (they can even be the same person). Another possible scenario doesn't include a lender on the side of the market owner but just the market owner frontrunning.

Imagine the following scenario (`Bob` is the market owner, `Alice` is the borrower, `Eve` is the lender:
1. `Bob` creates his own market with very favorable terms for borrowers and lenders using `MarketRegistry::createMarket()`
2. `Alice` submits a bid to borrow funds using `Bob`'s market as she likes the terms `Bob` has set using `TellerV2::submitBid()` (the one with the `Collateral[]` variable included). Let's say `Alice` wants a principal of 1000 tokens and has given 1500 tokens as collateral.
3. `Bob` and `Eve` want to steal `Alice`'s collateral. `Bob` calls the `setMarketFeePercent()` function and sets the new market fee to a value of `100% - protocol fee percent` using `setMarketFeePercent()`. Let's say the protocol fee is 10% so the new market fee is 90%.
```solidity
function setMarketFeePercent(uint256 _marketId, uint16 _newPercent)
        public
        ownsMarket(_marketId)
    {
        require(_newPercent >= 0 && _newPercent <= 10000, "invalid percent");
        if (_newPercent != markets[_marketId].marketplaceFeePercent) {
            markets[_marketId].marketplaceFeePercent = _newPercent;
            emit SetMarketFee(_marketId, _newPercent);
        }
    }
```
4. Then `Eve` accepts the bid created by `Alice`.
```solidity
        amountToProtocol = bid.loanDetails.principal.percent(protocolFee());
        amountToMarketplace = bid.loanDetails.principal.percent(
            marketRegistry.getMarketplaceFee(bid.marketplaceId)
        );
        amountToBorrower =
            bid.loanDetails.principal - amountToProtocol - amountToMarketplace;

        //transfer fee to protocol
        if (amountToProtocol > 0) {
            bid.loanDetails.lendingToken.safeTransferFrom(
                sender,
                owner(),
                amountToProtocol
            );
        }

        //transfer fee to marketplace
        if (amountToMarketplace > 0) {
            bid.loanDetails.lendingToken.safeTransferFrom(
                sender,
                marketRegistry.getMarketFeeRecipient(bid.marketplaceId),
                amountToMarketplace
            );
        }

        //transfer funds to borrower
        if (amountToBorrower > 0) {
            bid.loanDetails.lendingToken.safeTransferFrom(
                sender,
                bid.receiver,
                amountToBorrower
            );
        }
```
This is a small snippet out of `lenderAcceptBid()` used for accepting bids created by borrowers. First of all, it takes the `amountToProtocol` out of the principal, that is 10% out of the 1000 tokens principal, so 100 tokens. Then, the fee for the marketplace will be 90% as that was just set by `Bob` and the protocol doesn't use a cached value of the fee but instead fetches it at that very moment. The `amountToMarketplace` will be 90% out of 1000 tokens, 900 tokens. `amountToBorrower` will be 1000 - 100 - 900, so 0 tokens. Then, the fees for the protocol are transferred to them, the amount for the marketplace is sent to `Bob` or someone `Bob` has set to receive the fees and `Alice` receives a grand total of 0 tokens. However, she has still deposited 1500 tokens as collateral to an escrow contract.
```solidity
        // Tell the collateral manager to deploy the escrow and pull funds from the borrower if applicable
        collateralManager.deployAndDeposit(_bidId);
```
She also still has 1000 tokens as principal on paper however as seen above, she actually got 0. That means that she either has to pay that principal amount + interest or her loan will default and she will have her collateral taken leaving her in an extremely unfavourable situation. In the end, `Eve` and `Bob` used 100 tokens (100 for the protocol while the 900 get sent to a trusted address) and they got 1000 tokens + interest if `Alice` pays out the loan or 1500 tokens in collateral if she doesn't. The other possible scenario is the market owner just frontrunning the acceptance of the bid causing a situation where the lender is in a neutral situation, he paid the tokens to the protocol and the market but he will still receive the interest + tokens or the collateral and the borrower is in the same unpleasant situation.
## Impact
A market owner can steal money out of borrowers
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/defe55469a2576735af67483acf31d623e13592d/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/MarketRegistry.sol#L636-L645
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/defe55469a2576735af67483acf31d623e13592d/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L524-L558
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Cache the market fee at the time of bid submission.