Digital Canvas Horse

medium

# `transfer` return value is not checked, use `safeTransfer()` instead

## Summary
`transfer` return value is not checked

## Vulnerability Detail

In `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol` contract, functions has used `principalToken` which is transferred to recipient address. This `principalToken` can be USDT, USDC or any token. This is confirmed from protocol team in private chat. 

Further, the contest readme, states to work with any ERC20 tokens that are compatible with Uniswap V3. `USDT` and `USDC` are also used on uniswap V3.

The contracts will be deployed on Ethereum mainnet, Arbitrum One, Base and Polygon. This issues is mostly relevant on `Ethereum Mainnet` for tokens like USDT, etc.

For example, In `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol`, `burnSharesToWithdrawEarnings()` has used unsafe transfer() method to transfer the principalToken i.e USDT or any ERC20 token to _recipient address. 

```solidity
    function burnSharesToWithdrawEarnings(
        uint256 _amountPoolSharesTokens,
        address _recipient
    ) external returns (uint256) {
       
      . . . some code

@>      principalToken.transfer(_recipient, principalTokenValueToWithdraw);       @audit // must use safeTransfer instead of transfer

        return principalTokenValueToWithdraw;
    }
```

and similar issue instances as [this](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/FlashRolloverLoan_G5.sol#L205) in `FlashRolloverLoan_G5.sol`

The issue here is with the use of unsafe `transfer()` function. The `ERC20.transfer()` function return a boolean value indicating success. This parameter needs to be checked for success. Some tokens do not revert if the transfer failed but return false instead.

Some tokens (like USDT) don't correctly implement the EIP20 standard and their transfer() function return void instead of a success boolean. Calling these functions with the correct EIP20 function signatures will always revert. Please check [USDT transfer() implementation](https://etherscan.io/address/0xdac17f958d2ee523a2206206994597c13d831ec7#code), it does not return success. In `burnSharesToWithdrawEarnings()`, principalToken is being tranferred to recipient and return value is not checked. This could lead to silent failure of transfer. This can cause loss of user/protocol funds.

## Impact
Tokens that don't actually perform the transfer and return false are still counted as a correct transfer and tokens that don't correctly implement the latest EIP20 spec will be unusable in the protocol as they revert the transaction because of the missing return value. This will lead to loss of token transfers.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L412

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/FlashRolloverLoan_G5.sol#L205

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use OpenZeppelin's `SafeERC20` versions with the `safeTransfer()` function instead of `transfer()`.