Digital Canvas Horse

medium

# `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol` is not compatible with USDT due to lack of 0 approval

## Summary
`LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol` is not compatible with USDT due to lack of 0 approval

## Vulnerability Detail

In `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol` contract, functions has used principalToken which is approved to Tellor V2 address. This principalToken can be USDT, USDC or any token. This is confirmed from protocol team in private chat.

Further, the contest readme, states to work with any ERC20 tokens that are compatible with Uniswap V3. USDT and USDC are also used on uniswap V3.

The contracts will be deployed on Ethereum mainnet, Arbitrum One, Base and Polygon. This issues is mostly relevant on Ethereum Mainnet for tokens like USDT, etc.

Some tokens (like USDT) do not work when changing the allowance from an existing non-zero allowance value. For example Tether (USDT)’s approve() function will revert if the current approval is not zero, to protect against front-running changes of approvals. 

[Link to USDT contract approve function implementation(SLOC 199-209)](https://etherscan.io/address/0xdac17f958d2ee523a2206206994597c13d831ec7#code)

In `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.acceptFundsForAcceptBid()` function, 

```solidity
    function acceptFundsForAcceptBid(
        address _borrower,
        uint256 _bidId,
        uint256 _principalAmount,
        uint256 _collateralAmount,
        address _collateralTokenAddress,
        uint256 _collateralTokenId, 
        uint32 _loanDuration,
        uint16 _interestRate
    ) external onlySmartCommitmentForwarder whenNotPaused {
    
         . . . some code

         principalToken.approve(address(TELLER_V2), _principalAmount);

         . . . some code

    }
```

PrincipalToken is being approved to tellor V2 address. In case of USDT as principalToken, USDT will revert if the current allowance is greater than 0 and an non-zero approval is made when the above function is called with. Therefore, it is important to approve 0 first for such tokens.

## Impact
USDT may not possible to use in protocol, especially this issue is applicable to Ethereum mainnet. Therefore, `acceptFundsForAcceptBid()` will revert due to incompatibility.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L373

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use OpenZeppelin's SafeERC20 versions with the `forceApprove()` function instead of `approve()`, Alternatively approve 0 first in case of USDT.