Little Sapphire Lobster

high

# `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart::burnSharesToWithdrawEarnings()` wrong exchange rate due to burning `poolSharesToken` before calculating it

## Summary

`LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart::burnSharesToWithdrawEarnings()` burns `poolSharesToken` and then calculates `sharesExchangeRateInverse()`, which relies on the `supply` of the shares token, but this would be modified by the previous burn.

## Vulnerability Detail

In `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart::burnSharesToWithdrawEarnings()`, the calculations are as follows:
[sharesExchangeRateInverse()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L407) is `1e36 * 1e36 / sharesExchangeRate() = 1e72 / (poolTotalEstimatedValue * 1e36 / totalSupply) = 1e36 * totalSupply / poolTotalEstimatedValue`.

[principalTokenValueToWithdraw](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L405) is `amount * 1e36 / sharesExchangeRateInverse() = amount * 1e36 / (1e36 * totalSupply / poolTotalEstimatedValue) = amount * poolTotalEstimatedValue / totalSupply`.

As the shares are burned before the calculations above, `poolSharesToken.totalSupply()` would be incorrect. For example:
1. user mints 10 shares for 10 tokens.
2. user burns 5 shares. Using the formulas above, `principalTokenValueToWithdraw = amount * poolTotalEstimatedValue / totalSupply`, but `totalSupply` is `5` instead of `10`, so the user would get `principalTokenValueToWithdraw = 5 * 10 / 5 = 10` tokens.

## Impact

Users burning tokens get a higher exchange rate then supposed, likely getting the contract drained. If the exchange rate is better when selling than buying, users may loop through mints and burns to drain the contract.

## Code Snippet

[LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart::burnSharesToWithdrawEarnings()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L403)
```solidity
function burnSharesToWithdrawEarnings(
    uint256 _amountPoolSharesTokens,
    address _recipient
) external returns (uint256) {
    ...
    poolSharesToken.burn(msg.sender, _amountPoolSharesTokens); //@audit here

    uint256 principalTokenValueToWithdraw = _valueOfUnderlying(
        _amountPoolSharesTokens,
        sharesExchangeRateInverse()
    );
    ...
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

Vscode

## Recommendation

Burn the tokens after calculating the exchange rate.