High Canvas Chimpanzee

high

# Frontrun the repayment or liquidation functions to withdraw a portion of the interest in a single block

## Summary
The issue arises from the fact that the lender can deposit and withdraw principal tokens at any time.

## Vulnerability Detail
Let's consider the scenario:
Prerequisite: The `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart` has users who deposit principal tokens. The principal token is `USDC`, and the collateral token is `PRIME`.

1)The lender calls `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.addPrincipalToCommitmentGroup` function with 100e6 `USDC` and receives 100e6 shares.
```solidity
function addPrincipalToCommitmentGroup(
        uint256 _amount,
        address _sharesRecipient
    ) external returns (uint256 sharesAmount_) {
        //transfers the primary principal token from msg.sender into this contract escrow

        principalToken.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _amount);

        sharesAmount_ = _valueOfUnderlying(_amount, sharesExchangeRate());

        totalPrincipalTokensCommitted += _amount;
        //principalTokensCommittedByLender[msg.sender] += _amount;

        //mint shares equal to _amount and give them to the shares recipient !!!
        poolSharesToken.mint(_sharesRecipient, sharesAmount_);
    }
```
2)The borrower calls `acceptCommitmentWithRecipient` with `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart` and borrows 100e6 `USDC` for 3 days,  interest (e.g., 10 USDC).
3)When the borrower sends the `repayLoan` transaction, another lender front-runs this transaction and calls `addPrincipalToCommitmentGroup` function with 100e6 `USDC`, receiving 100e6 shares.
4)After the third step, there are 200 shares and 210 `USDC` in the commitment group. The malicious lender calls `burnSharesToWithdrawEarnings` and receives 105 `USDC` for 100 shares.
`Note`: The third and fourth steps can be done in a single block (e.g., on the `Ethereum` chain).

The issue arises because the first lender in this example has to wait for 3 days to earn interest, while the malicious lender receives it instantly.

## Impact
A lender deposit principal tokens, earn interest, and withdraw principal tokens all in a single block.

## Code Snippet
[contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L307](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L307)
[contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L396](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L396)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider changing the logic so that the lender begins earning interest not immediately, but after a deposit delay (e.g. 5 days).

