Jolly Bamboo Goose

medium

# Unchecked principal token transfers may lead to false adding of principal to commitments and burning of shares without receiving assets back

## Summary
The burnSharesToWithdrawEarnings and the addPrincipalToCommitmentGroup attempt transfers without checking their returned values.
## Vulnerability Detail

```solidity
function addPrincipalToCommitmentGroup(
        uint256 _amount,
        address _sharesRecipient
    ) external returns (uint256 sharesAmount_) {
        ...
        principalToken.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _amount);
    ...
    }
```

```solidity
function burnSharesToWithdrawEarnings(
        uint256 _amountPoolSharesTokens,
        address _recipient
    ) external returns (uint256) {
       ...
        principalToken.transfer(_recipient, principalTokenValueToWithdraw);
...
    }
```

These functions attempt ERC-20 token transfers without checking if the transfer was succesfull or not. On some tokens, if this fails, the ERC-20 implementation does not revert, but rather return a false boolean value to indicate the transfer has failed.

This is potentially dangerous as those calls not causing tx reversion can lead to minting or burning of shares without the appropriate update in token balances.
## Impact
Users are able to mint shares without providing principal on some ERC-20 tokens.
Users are able to burn shares without receiving principal back if the contract doesn't have enough balance on some ERC-20 tokens. This is the most likely scenario, as the lending contract may not always hold principal tokens balance to repay for lenders withdrawals.
## Code Snippet
[2024-04-teller-finance/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol at main · sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance (github.com)](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L396)

[2024-04-teller-finance/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol at main · sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance (github.com)](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L307)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Make sure to use the safeTransfer library instead of transfers, as this can provide checks to the returned values of calls. Otherwise some ERC-20 tokens may not revert even when the party does not have enough balance to make a transfer happen.
