Virtual Peanut Seagull

high

# LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol - `repayLoanCallback` can be weaponized by other lenders

## Summary
LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol - `repayLoanCallback` can be weaponized by other lenders

## Vulnerability Detail
`repayLoanCallback` inside `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart` handles how much principal and interest is repaid for loans that the contract is currently a lender.

`totalPrincipalTokensRepaid` is supposed to be synced with `totalPrincipalTokensLended`, meaning that when a loan gets accepted, `totalPrincipalTokensLended` is increased, when the same loan gets fully repaid `totalPrincipalTokensRepaid` should exactly equal the amount that was lent, effectively keeping them in sync and tracking how much tokens are lent and how much are repaid.

There is one fatal problem with this and that is the fact that anyone can specify the `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart` as a `repaymentListenerForBid` for any loan and the callback will be executed for loans that weren't accepted through the contract. This will effectively make the two values out of sync.

A malicious user can very easily execute this attack to DoS the contract and manipulate the price of `poolSharesToken`.

Example:
`LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart` = Contract

1. The Contract lends a loan of 100e18 tokens, so `repaymentListenerForBid = 100e18`
2. A malicious user then directly through `TellerV2` calls `submitBid` for `150e18` tokens and no collateral.
3. He then calls `lenderAcceptBid` on his own bid that he just created.
4. He calls `setRepaymentListenerForBid` and sets the `repaymentListenerForBid` to the Contract address.
5. After this he calls `repayLoanFull`.
6. He repays his entire loan himself, then the code hits `_sentOrEscrowFunds`, which hits:
```solidity
address loanRepaymentListener = repaymentListenerForBid[_bidId];

        if (loanRepaymentListener != address(0)) {
            try
                ILoanRepaymentListener(loanRepaymentListener).repayLoanCallback{
                    gas: 80000
                }( //limit gas costs to prevent lender griefing repayments
                    _bidId,
                    _msgSenderForMarket(bid.marketplaceId),
                    _payment.principal,
                    _payment.interest
                )
            {} catch {}
        }
```
7. The Contract's `repayLoanCallback` is hit, incrementing `totalPrincipalTokensRepaid` to 150e18.
8. The attack is complete.

## Impact
The impact of this is that now all calls to `getTotalPrincipalTokensOutstandingInActiveLoans` will revert, as the code will attempt to:

```jsx
totalPrincipalTokensLended - totalPrincipalTokensRepaid = 100e18 - 150e18 = panic underflow revert
```

This will stop any calls to `acceptFundsForAcceptBid` as the code calls `getMinInterestRate -> getPoolUtilizationRatio -> getPoolUtilizationRatio`, so the function reverts and no new bids can be accepted until `totalPrincipalTokensLended > totalPrincipalTokensRepaid`.

If the attack is pulled off with interest, then `getPoolTotalEstimatedValue` will also be manipulated, which will affect `sharesExchangeRate` which values the price of `poolSharesToken`.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/defe55469a2576735af67483acf31d623e13592d/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L700-L709

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add the `bidIsForActiveGroup`  to `repayLoanCallback`