Interesting Pine Cheetah

medium

# The newly added contracts will not work well on fee-on-transfer tokens, because there is no consideration for fee on transfer.

## Summary

The newly added contracts will not work well on fee-on-transfer tokens, because there is no consideration for fee on transfer.

## Vulnerability Detail

The document of this protocol said, "We are allowing any standard token that would be compatible with Uniswap V3 to work with our codebase, just as was the case for the original audit of TellerV2.sol . The tokens are assumed to be able to work with Uniswap V3." Some fee-on-transfer tokens are used in uniswap V3. However the newly added contracts will not work well on fee-on-transfer tokens.

For example, in `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.addPrincipalToCommitmentGroup()`, `totalPrincipalTokensCommitted` will not be calculate correctly if the `principalToken` is a `fee-on-transer` token, because there is no consideration for fee on transfer.

```solidity
    function addPrincipalToCommitmentGroup(
        uint256 _amount,
        address _sharesRecipient
    ) external returns (uint256 sharesAmount_) {
        //transfers the primary principal token from msg.sender into this contract escrow
        
        principalToken.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _amount);

        sharesAmount_ = _valueOfUnderlying(_amount, sharesExchangeRate());

@>      totalPrincipalTokensCommitted += _amount;
        //principalTokensCommittedByLender[msg.sender] += _amount;

        //mint shares equal to _amount and give them to the shares recipient !!!
        poolSharesToken.mint(_sharesRecipient, sharesAmount_);
    }
```

As a result, the the newly added contracts will not work well on fee-on-transfer tokens.

## Impact

The newly added contracts will not work well on fee-on-transfer tokens.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L307-L322

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Some modifications should be made to be able to use fee-on-transfer tokens.