Dapper Plum Ferret

medium

# M-3: Reentrancy Vulnerability in burnSharesToWithdrawEarnings Function

## Summary
The `burnSharesToWithdrawEarnings` function in the smart contract allows users to convert their pool shares tokens into an equivalent value of principal tokens and withdraw them from the contract. However, the function is susceptible to reentrancy attacks, which could potentially enable attackers to manipulate token balances and withdraw more principal tokens than intended.
## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability arises from the lack of proper mitigation against reentrancy attacks in the `burnSharesToWithdrawEarnings` function. By exploiting reentrancy, attackers could execute recursive calls to external contracts or functions before the function completes its execution. During these recursive calls, attackers could manipulate token balances, withdraw excessive amounts of principal tokens, or disrupt the intended distribution of earnings among token holders.
## Impact
Without implementing the checks-effects-interactions pattern, the function `burnSharesToWithdrawEarnings` is vulnerable to reentrancy attacks. If an attacker exploits this vulnerability, they could potentially manipulate the tokens transferred as principal tokens, leading to loss of funds or unauthorized withdrawals.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L396

```solidity
function burnSharesToWithdrawEarnings(
        uint256 _amountPoolSharesTokens,
        address _recipient
    ) external returns (uint256) {
        poolSharesToken.burn(msg.sender, _amountPoolSharesTokens);

        uint256 principalTokenValueToWithdraw = _valueOfUnderlying(
            _amountPoolSharesTokens,
            sharesExchangeRateInverse()
        );

        totalPrincipalTokensWithdrawn += principalTokenValueToWithdraw;

        principalToken.transfer(_recipient, principalTokenValueToWithdraw);

        return principalTokenValueToWithdraw;
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implementing the checks-effects-interactions pattern to ensure that state changes are performed before interacting with external contracts.