Overt Denim Alligator

high

# `token0ToToken1()` and `token1ToToken0()` fail to account for token precision, resulting in incorrect calculations

## Summary
The functions `token0ToToken1()` and `token1ToToken0()` perform calculations directly based on the price without considering the different precisions of tokens. This leads to incorrect calculation results.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.token1ToToken0()` function, the protocol calculates the amount of another token based on the quantity and price of one token. 
```solidity
   function token0ToToken1(uint256 amountToken0, uint256 priceToken1PerToken0)
        internal
        pure
        returns (uint256)
    {
        return
            MathUpgradeable.mulDiv(
                amountToken0,
                UNISWAP_EXPANSION_FACTOR,
                priceToken1PerToken0,
                MathUpgradeable.Rounding.Up
            );
    }

```

However, the protocol fails to account for the precision differences between different tokens. For example, in a [USDC-WETH](https://etherscan.io/address/0x88e6a0c2ddd26feeb64f039a2c41296fcb3f5640#readContract) pool where Token0 is USDC with a precision of 6 and Token1 is WETH with a precision of 18, sqrtPriceX96 represents the price of Token0 relative to Token1, i.e., how much WETH can be obtained for 1 USDC. Only when both tokens have the same precision, the price calculated through sqrtPriceX96 equals (sqrtPriceX96 * sqrtPriceX96) >> (96 * 2). Otherwise, precision conversion is necessary. Here, the price should be calculated as price = (sqrtPriceX96 * sqrtPriceX96) >> (96 * 2) / 1e12, and the price of WETH relative to USDC is 1 / price. However, the protocol does not account for this, resulting in inaccurate calculations.The calculation in `token0ToToken1() ` suffers from the same issue.
https://blog.uniswap.org/uniswap-v3-math-primer

## Impact
The protocol overlooks the precision of tokens, leading to inaccurate calculation results.



## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L681-L693


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Calculation should be conducted according to the method described here.
https://blog.uniswap.org/uniswap-v3-math-primer
