Itchy Coconut Beaver

medium

# The Attacker can reenter via ERC777 token callback and can break the accounting of the protocol.

## Summary
Attackers have the power to break the accounting of the `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart` if the ERC777 token is being used as the principal token.

## Vulnerability Detail
The contest readme states that the protocol supports all the tokens supported by UniV3 including ERC777. 

`SmartCommitmentForwarder:acceptCommitmentWithRecipient` is used by the borrower to accept the loan. Internally it calls the `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart:acceptFundsForAcceptBid` , This function further triggers `TellerV2:lenderAcceptBid` which is responsible for transferring the principal token to the borrower. After the completion of `lenderAcceptBid` it calls `TellerV2:setRepaymentListenerForBid` which registers the bidId for repayment callback.  This is to ensure that any debt taken from `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart` and its repayment should be accounted for in `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart` itself. 

If the ERC777 token is being used as a principal the borrower can trigger `TellerV2:repayLoan` in the token callback and repay the loan. As we know `setRepaymentListenerForBid` is not called until the transaction `lenderAcceptBid` is completed, so if `bidId` is not registered for callback it will not account for the loan repayment in `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart` results in the protocol accounting to break and it can cause a huge loss to the user. 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/defe55469a2576735af67483acf31d623e13592d/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L384C5-L391C6

```solidity

    function _acceptBidWithRepaymentListener(uint256 _bidId) internal {
        //@audit ERC777 tokens can cause a problem. If the repay is done in same tx
        ITellerV2(TELLER_V2).lenderAcceptBid(_bidId); //this gives out the funds to the borrower

        ILoanRepaymentCallbacks(TELLER_V2).setRepaymentListenerForBid(
            _bidId,
            address(this)
        );
    }
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/defe55469a2576735af67483acf31d623e13592d/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L874

This problem could have been prevented if there was a return value check for bidId removal from `_borrowerBidsActive` enumerable set. Because The BidId was not registered in the set when the callback was performed the removal of non-existing value from the enumerable set will return false and revert on false could have prevented this issue. 

```solidity
function _repayLoan(
        uint256 _bidId,
        Payment memory _payment,
        uint256 _owedAmount,
        bool _shouldWithdrawCollateral
    ) internal virtual {
        function _repayLoan(
        uint256 _bidId,
        Payment memory _payment,
        uint256 _owedAmount,
        bool _shouldWithdrawCollateral
    ) internal virtual {
      ...
     
            // Remove borrower's active bid
            //@audit check the return value revert if false
            _borrowerBidsActive[bid.borrower].remove(_bidId);

           ...
    }
```
### Flow

1. Borrower calls `acceptCommitmentWithRecipient` in SmartCommitmentForwarder
2. `acceptFundsForAcceptBid` is called 
3. It further calls `lenderAcceptBid` in TellerV2 
4. Principal token(ERC777) is transferred to borrower and token callback  is triggered
5. Inside the callback the borrower trigger `repayLoan` in TellerV2 
6. The repay function is supposed to call the `repayLoanCallback` in `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart` 
7. The bidId of current is not registered for callback so it will not call `repayLoanCallback`
8. This results in the incorrect accounting of the `getPoolTotalEstimatedValue` disrupting the functionality of the contract
## Impact
Incorrect accounting in `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart` can leads to the loss of funds. 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/defe55469a2576735af67483acf31d623e13592d/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L874
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/defe55469a2576735af67483acf31d623e13592d/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L384C5-L391C6
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- Use Reentrancy Guard. Please test the contract after adding reentrant modifier. Because contracts is using so many callback and the modifier could even break the valid callback. 
- Also, check for a return value from enumerable set operations.
