Thankful Corduroy Stallion

medium

# No storage gap left for upgradeable contracts

## Summary
No storage gap left in 'FlashRolloverLoan_G5' and 'LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart'.
## Vulnerability Detail
For upgradeable contracts, there must be storage gap to "allow developers to freely add new state variables in the future without compromising the storage compatibility with existing deployments" (quote OpenZeppelin). Otherwise it may be very difficult to write new implementation code. Without storage gap, the variable in child contract might be overwritten by the upgraded base contract if new variables are added to the base contract. This could have unintended and very serious consequences to the child contracts, potentially causing loss of user fund or cause the contract to malfunction completely.

Refer to the bottom part of this article: https://docs.openzeppelin.com/upgrades-plugins/1.x/writing-upgradeable
## Impact
Several contracts are intended to be upgradeable contracts in the code base, including

 -   FlashRolloverLoan_G5
 -   LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart

As an example, both of them are intended to act as the base contracts in the project. If the contract inheriting the base contract contains additional variable, then the base contract cannot be upgraded to include any additional variable, because it would overwrite the variable declared in its child contract. This greatly limits contract upgradeability.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L5-L6

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/FlashRolloverLoan_G5.sol#L5-L6
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add storage gap to the  'FlashRolloverLoan_G5' and 'LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart' contracts.
```solidity
uint256[50] private __gap;
```