Atomic Eggshell Puppy

high

# Attacker can drain/DoS any `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart` by repaying fake loans.

## Summary
Attacker can drain/DoS any `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart` by repaying fake loans.

## Vulnerability Detail
Within `TellerV2`, in order to set a repayment listener, the only requirement is that the function is called by a lender.
```solidity
    function setRepaymentListenerForBid(uint256 _bidId, address _listener)
        external
    {
        address sender = _msgSenderForMarket(bids[_bidId].marketplaceId);

        require(
            sender == bids[_bidId].lender,
            "Only bid lender may set repayment listener"
        );

        repaymentListenerForBid[_bidId] = _listener;
    }
```
This could be utilized by an attacker in the following manner
1. Attacker takes a loan from himself for a malicious ERC20 token they've deployed themselves. 
2. They set the interest high enough.
3. Attacker sets repayment listener to any `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart` they'd like to attack.
4. Attacker deposits some funds in the `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart` contract
5. They repay their loan. This calls the `repayLoanCallback` which increases the values of `totalPrincipalTokensRepaid` and `totalInterestCollected`. 

Now that these values are inflated, the share's value is also inflated accordingly. This could be used to drain the contract.

Also, the increase in `totalPrincipalTokensRepaid` will make most functions within the contract revert due to underflow.


## Impact
Draining the contract, permanent DoS

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L700

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
add `bidIsActiveForGroup` modifier to the `repayLoanCallback` 