Gigantic Carmine Viper

high

# `totalPrincipalTokensRepaid` and `totalInterestCollected` can be manipulated

## Summary
`totalPrincipalTokensRepaid` and `totalInterestCollected` can be manipulated and incorrectly increased. These 2 variables and especially the first one are very important for different computations in that contract such as calculating the pool utilization ratio, tokens available to borrow and more.
## Vulnerability Detail
In the `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol` contract, there is the function `repayLoanCallback()`. That function increases the `totalPrincipalTokensRepaid` and the `totalInterestCollected`.
```solidity
function repayLoanCallback(
        uint256 _bidId,
        address repayer,
        uint256 principalAmount,
        uint256 interestAmount
    ) external onlyTellerV2 {
        totalPrincipalTokensRepaid += principalAmount;
        totalInterestCollected += interestAmount;
    }
```
The function is supposed to be called when a repayment or a liquidation in TellerV2 occurs. It is only callable by the `TellerV2` contract as noticeable by the modifier.

This is a snippet of the `_sendOrEscrowFunds()` function in the `TellerV2` contract which is called upon loan repayment (either through an actual repayment or a liquidation):
```solidity
address loanRepaymentListener = repaymentListenerForBid[_bidId];

        if (loanRepaymentListener != address(0)) {
            try
                ILoanRepaymentListener(loanRepaymentListener).repayLoanCallback{
                    gas: 80000
                }( //limit gas costs to prevent lender griefing repayments
                    _bidId,
                    _msgSenderForMarket(bid.marketplaceId),
                    _payment.principal,
                    _payment.interest
                )
            {} catch {}
        }
```
It takes the `loanRepaymentListener` from the `repaymentListenerForBid` mapping and uses it as the target address for the `repayLoanCallback()` function.

The issue arises because the repayment listener can be set by a lender to an arbitrary address.
```solidity
function setRepaymentListenerForBid(uint256 _bidId, address _listener)
        external
    {
        address sender = _msgSenderForMarket(bids[_bidId].marketplaceId);

        require(
            sender == bids[_bidId].lender,
            "Only bid lender may set repayment listener"
        );

        repaymentListenerForBid[_bidId] = _listener;
    }
```
So any lender can set his repayment listener to a particular `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart` contract and manipulate those values as every such commitment is its own contract with its own storage and values. A lender can manipulate any such contract even though they are actually not lending in it but a different one. Especially if there are multiple users with a repayment listener set to a particular arbitrary commitment and they have a lot of loans given out to different borrowers, each repayment made for those loans will manipulate those values more and more and cause huge issues for that particular commitment contract as these values are used for the following functions: `getTotalPrincipalTokensOutstandingInActiveLoans()` and `getPoolTotalEstimatedValue()` which are then used in functions such as `getPoolUtilizationRatio()`, `getPrincipalAmountAvailableToBorrow()`, `getPoolTotalEstimatedValue()`, `sharesExchangeRate()` which are then used in functions such as `acceptFundsForAcceptBid()`, `burnSharesToWithdrawEarnings()` and `addPrincipalToCommitmentGroup()` which are one of the most important functions in the whole contract.
## Impact
High as manipulating those values can cause significant losses for users and the protocol and significant gains for malicious actors.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L700-L709

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L949-L962

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L1248-L1259
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The simplest one would be to not use callbacks and come up with a different idea however if you insist on using such, then logic should definitely be changed to disallow such an issue.