Little Sapphire Lobster

medium

# Interest rate in `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart` does not take into account the currently taken loan which will could lead to huge loans with very small interest rates

## Summary

Interest rate in `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart` only considers the current loans / deposits ratio, without taking into consideration the current to be taken loan, which would enable taking huge loans with small interest rates.

## Vulnerability Detail

The interest rate rises linearly with the current utilization ratio. This means that loans taken out, no matter how big or how much they would shift the utilization ratio, get the interest rate only based on the utilization ratio. This effectively means that, for example, if the lower interest rate is `0` and the highest `10000`, a loan taking the full lp funds would pay 0 interest, which is detrimental to the protocol and lps as this loan exposes them to significant risk without returns. It also means that it's much better for borrowers to take a huge loan instead of taking 2 loans worth the same principal, which can be used by borrowers to game the interest rate.

## Impact

Lenders may have all their funds lent out but still receive the lowest interest rate possible, exposing them to significant risk without the appropriate returns. 

## Code Snippet

[LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart::getMinInterestRate()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L769):
```solidity
function getMinInterestRate() public view returns (uint16) {
    return interestRateLowerBound + uint16( uint256(interestRateUpperBound-interestRateLowerBound).percent(getPoolUtilizationRatio()) );
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

Vscode

## Recommendation

The interest rate should be impacted by the amount of funds that the borrower is borrowing, such that the lp risk is correctly reflected in the aggravated interest rate. Thus, one possible way to achieve this is making the minimum interest rate dependent on the post loan utilization ratio. For example, the minimum interest rate could be an average between the current utilization ratio and the final utilization ratio, taking into account the principal amount to be loaned.