Digital Canvas Horse

medium

# Possible loss of funds, transfer functions can silently fail

## Summary
Possible loss of funds, transfer functions can silently fail

## Vulnerability Detail
In `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol` contract, functions has used principalToken which is transferred to recipient address or contract address itself. This principalToken can be `USDT, USDC` or any token. This is confirmed from protocol team in private chat.

Further, the contest readme, states to work with any ERC20 tokens that are compatible with Uniswap V3. USDT and USDC are also used on uniswap V3.

The contracts will be deployed on Ethereum mainnet, Arbitrum One, Base and Polygon. This issues is mostly relevant on Ethereum Mainnet for tokens like USDT and similar tokens etc.

The following functions makes use of `transferFrom()` in `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol()`

1) `addPrincipalToCommitmentGroup()` in which user transfer his principalToken to contract address and in return pool share tokens are minted to users.
2) `liquidateDefaultedLoanWithIncentive()` in which user transfer his principalToken to contract address to liquidate default loan.

similar instances for this issue includes in `FlashRolloverLoan_G5.sol()` which can be checked [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/FlashRolloverLoan_G5.sol#L111)

The issue here is with the use of unsafe transferFrom() function.  The ERC20.transferFrom() function return a boolean value indicating success. This parameter needs to be checked for success. Some tokens do not revert if the transfer failed but return false instead.

Some tokens (like USDT) don't correctly implement the EIP20 standard and their transfer() function return void instead of a success boolean. Calling these functions with the correct EIP20 function signatures will always revert.

Tokens that don't actually perform the transfer and return false are still counted as a correct transfer and tokens that don't correctly implement the latest EIP20 spec, like USDT, will be unusable in the protocol as they revert the transaction because of the missing return value. In both `addPrincipalToCommitmentGroup()` and `liquidateDefaultedLoanWithIncentive()`, user is transfer his principalToken and return value is not being checked. There could be silent failure in transfer which may lead to loss of user funds.

## Impact
Tokens that don't actually perform the transfer and return false are still counted as a correct transfer and tokens that don't correctly implement the latest EIP20 spec will be unusable in the protocol as they revert the transaction because of the missing return value. This will lead to loss of user funds.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L313

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L446

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L459

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/FlashRolloverLoan_G5.sol#L111
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use OpenZeppelin's SafeERC20 versions with the `safeTransferFrom()` function instead of `transferFrom()`.









































