Digital Canvas Horse

medium

# `approve` revert if the underlying ERC20 token approve does not return boolean

## Summary
`approve` revert if the underlying ERC20 token approve does not return boolean

## Vulnerability Detail
In LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol contract, functions has used principalToken which is approved to Tellor V2 address. This principalToken can be USDT, USDC or any token. This is confirmed from protocol team in private chat.

Further, the contest readme, states to work with any ERC20 tokens that are compatible with Uniswap V3. USDT and USDC are also used on uniswap V3.

The contracts will be deployed on Ethereum mainnet, Arbitrum One, Base and Polygon. This issues is mostly relevant on Ethereum Mainnet for tokens like USDT, etc.

In `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.acceptFundsForAcceptBid()` function,

```solidity
    function acceptFundsForAcceptBid(
        address _borrower,
        uint256 _bidId,
        uint256 _principalAmount,
        uint256 _collateralAmount,
        address _collateralTokenAddress,
        uint256 _collateralTokenId, 
        uint32 _loanDuration,
        uint16 _interestRate
    ) external onlySmartCommitmentForwarder whenNotPaused {
    
         . . . some code

         principalToken.approve(address(TELLER_V2), _principalAmount);

         . . . some code

    }
```

When approving PrincipalToken to Tellor V2 address, the safeApprove is not used. Some tokens (like USDT) don't correctly implement the EIP20 standard and their approve() function return void instead of a success boolean. Calling these functions with the correct EIP20 function signatures will always revert.

[Link to USDT contract approve function implementation(SLOC 199-209)](https://etherscan.io/address/0xdac17f958d2ee523a2206206994597c13d831ec7#code)

USDT does not return boolean on approve whereas the openzeppelin's approve returns booleans, therefore in case of USDT as PrincipalToken, the approve function will always revert.

## Impact
USDT or other ERC20 token that does not return boolean for approve is not supported as the principalToken

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L373

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use OpenZeppelin's SafeERC20 versions with the forceApprove() function instead of approve().