Fun Blonde Chicken

medium

# `TellerV2::repayLoan()` can be frontrun to profit from an increase in share price

## Summary
`TellerV2::repayLoan()` can be frontrun to profit from an increase in share price
## Vulnerability Detail
LenderPool(`LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart`) lends a loan to borrowers. `TellerV2.repayLoan()` including functions like `repayLoanMinimum` and `repayLoanWithoutCollateralWithdraw`is used by the borrower to inject funds(including due and interest) back into LenderPool. The interests increase the share price.
The issue is that anyone can frontrun `repayLoan()` with a `addPrincipalToCommitmentGroup()` to profit from the share price increase and then redeem with `burnSharesToWithdrawEarnings()` shortly after `repayLoan()` is done. This will be profitable if a large amount of funds are returned within a transaction.

Furthermore, a return of funds likely indicates there will be no slash event in the near term, which makes it a risk-free transaction to capitalize on it and wait for the unstake window to redeem.
#### Proof of concept
- 1 Alice deposit 10e18 principalToken in the pool, get 10e18 share token
- 2 A borrower borrows 10e18 principalToken
- 3 After a Payment Cycle
- 4 Bob deposit 100e18 principalToken in the pool, get 100e18 share token
- 5 The borrower pay back 10e18 principalToken and with 1e18 principalToken for interest
- 6 Bob redeem his principalToken with 100e18 share token. He will get 100.909 principalToken,
The profit is 0.909 principalToken as the vast majority of the interest.

## Impact
Unfair distribution of rewards (interests) . New stakers can get most rewards for staking very short time.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/defe55469a2576735af67483acf31d623e13592d/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L307

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/defe55469a2576735af67483acf31d623e13592d/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L396
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address the Vault issue, ensure that the withdrawal fee is significant enough to deter make any extraction of the interest unprofitable.
