Raspy Opaque Gibbon

medium

# Borrowers can decrease their interest

## Summary
Before borrowing from the LenderCommitmentGroup (LCG), users can deposit some balance to artificially lower their interest rate.

## Vulnerability Detail
[acceptFundsForAcceptBid](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L336) calculates the minimum interest required by calling [getMinInterestRate](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L352), where the fixed interest is adjusted by utilization.

```solidity
    function getMinInterestRate() public view returns (uint16) {
        return interestRateLowerBound + uint16(uint256(interestRateUpperBound - interestRateLowerBound).percent(getPoolUtilizationRatio()));
    }
```
The formula in [getPoolUtilizationRatio](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L757-L766) is:
`(totalPrincipalTokensLended - totalPrincipalTokensRepaid) * 10000 / (totalPrincipalTokensCommitted + totalInterestCollected + tokenDifferenceFromLiquidations - totalPrincipalTokensWithdrawn)`

Borrowers can exploit the fact that `totalPrincipalTokensCommitted` increases upon deposit to artificially lower their interest rate by depositing a sum before initiating the borrow, and then withdrawing their assets. This can all be done in a single transaction, and even flash loans can be used to increase their leverage (more funds mean lower interest).

Note that it is even profitable in some cases for borrowers to execute this and then stake the new principal back in the pool to earn yield. This can be profitable if for example you front run another borrower and stake the principal into the pool, so when the other borrower borrows he will raise the Interest paid above your APR, as we need `interest paid > APR` to be profitable.

## Impact
Borrowers can lower their interest rates, thus also reducing the yields for LPs. They can also MEV big loans by borrowing and then staking into the pool in order to earl profits on borrowed assets while keeping their coll safe.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
require(_interestRate >= getMinInterestRate(), "Invalid interest rate");
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Given the current state of the contracts, I cannot provide a short and simple example of how it should be fixed, as there might be a need for many changes.