Interesting Pine Cheetah

high

# A malicious user can borrow at a much lower interest rate from `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart`.

## Summary

The interest rate is determined based on the `PoolUtilizationRatio` when the loan is made. A malicious user can temporarily decrease the `PoolUtilizationRatio` by depositing a large amount of liquidity just before taking out a loan. They can then quickly withdraw all that liquidity after the loan is made. This can allow the malicious user to borrow at a much lower interest rate.

This attack can also be carried out using a flash loan, where the user borrows a large amount of liquidity, deposits it to reduce the `PoolUtilizationRatio`, takes out a loan at the artificially low rate, and then repays the flash loan. This allows the user to obtain a loan at an interest rate that does not accurately reflect the pool's true utilization level.

## Vulnerability Detail

Depositing a large amount of liquidity into the `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart` increases the `PoolTotalEstimatedValue`, which in turn decreases the `PoolUtilizationRatio`. 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L757-L771

```solidity

    function getPoolUtilizationRatio() public view returns (uint16) {

        if (getPoolTotalEstimatedValue() == 0) {
            return 0;
        }

        return uint16(  Math.min(   
           getTotalPrincipalTokensOutstandingInActiveLoans()  * 10000  / 
@>         getPoolTotalEstimatedValue() , 10000  ));
    }   

 
    function getMinInterestRate() public view returns (uint16) {
@>      return interestRateLowerBound + uint16( uint256(interestRateUpperBound-interestRateLowerBound).percent(getPoolUtilizationRatio()) );
    }

```

So a user can borrow at a much lower interest rate from `LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart`. He can then quickly withdraw all that liquidity after the loan is made. As a result, a malicious user can borrow at a much lower interest rate.

Even though a malicious user may not have enough funds themselves, they can still temporarily deposit a large amount of liquidity into the LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart by using a flash loan.

## Impact

A malicious user can borrow at a much lower interest rate that does not accurately reflect the pool's true utilization level.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L757-L771

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The mechanism for interest rate checking should be improved. Additionally, withdrawal should be disabled in the same block to prevent flashloan attack.