Unique Chartreuse Badger

high

# LenderCommitmentGroupShares is vulnerable to inflate attack

## Summary

Malicious users can perform an inflation attack against the vault to steal the assets of the victim.

## Vulnerability Detail

A malicious user can perform a donation to execute a classic first depositor/vault inflation Attack against the `LenderCommitmentGroup` vault. The general process of this attack is well-known, and a detailed explanation of this attack can be found in many of the resources such as the following:

- https://blog.openzeppelin.com/a-novel-defense-against-erc4626-inflation-attacks
- https://mixbytes.io/blog/overview-of-the-inflation-attack

In short, to kick-start the attack, the malicious user will often usually mint the smallest possible amount of shares (e.g., 1 wei) and then donate significant assets to the vault to inflate the number of assets per share. Subsequently, it will cause a rounding error when other users deposit.

Let's divide the setup of the attack into two main parts:

**1. Malicious user mint 1 mint of share**

**2. Donate assets to the vault to inflate the assets per share**

Part 1 - Malicious user mint 1 mint of share

Users could attempt to mint 1 wei of share by passing in 1 wei of assets.

    function sharesExchangeRate() public view virtual returns (uint256 rate_) {
        
        uint256 poolTotalEstimatedValue = getPoolTotalEstimatedValue();

        if (poolSharesToken.totalSupply() == 0) {
            return EXCHANGE_RATE_EXPANSION_FACTOR; // 1 to 1 for first swap
        }

        rate_ =
            (poolTotalEstimatedValue  *
                EXCHANGE_RATE_EXPANSION_FACTOR) /
            poolSharesToken.totalSupply();
    }

Part 2 - Donate assets to the vault to inflate the assets per share

In Teller, pool value is tracked virtually to migrate this attack. However, this can be bypassed by inflating the `totalInterestCollected` value. 

poolTotalEstimatedValue is calculated in such way:

    function getPoolTotalEstimatedValue()
        public
        view
        returns (uint256 poolTotalEstimatedValue_)
    {
       
         int256 poolTotalEstimatedValueSigned = int256(totalPrincipalTokensCommitted) 
         + int256(totalInterestCollected)  + int256(tokenDifferenceFromLiquidations) 
         - int256(totalPrincipalTokensWithdrawn);

        //if the poolTotalEstimatedValue_ is less than 0, we treat it as 0.  
        poolTotalEstimatedValue_ = poolTotalEstimatedValueSigned > int256(0)
            ? uint256(poolTotalEstimatedValueSigned)
            : 0;
    }

Attacker can inflate `totalInterestCollected` by offering a extremely high `_interestRate`, and the collateral per share will increase after 1 blocks:

    function acceptFundsForAcceptBid(
        address _borrower,
        uint256 _bidId,
        uint256 _principalAmount,
        uint256 _collateralAmount,
        address _collateralTokenAddress,
        uint256 _collateralTokenId, 
        uint32 _loanDuration,
        uint16 _interestRate
    ) external onlySmartCommitmentForwarder whenNotPaused {
        
        require(
            _collateralTokenAddress == address(collateralToken),
            "Mismatching collateral token"
        );
        //the interest rate must be at least as high has the commitment demands. The borrower can use a higher interest rate although that would not be beneficial to the borrower.
        require(_interestRate >= getMinInterestRate(), "Invalid interest rate");
        //the loan duration must be less than the commitment max loan duration. The lender who made the commitment expects the money to be returned before this window.
        require(_loanDuration <= maxLoanDuration, "Invalid loan max duration");

Then, attacker can repay the bid in full to inflate `totalInterestCollected`

## Impact

Malicous users could steal the assets of the victim everytime the pool is empty.(share.totalsupply = 0)

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L262-L286

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

A MIN_LIQUIDITY amount of shares needs to exist within `LenderCommitmentGroupShares` to guard against a common inflation attack.

Another mitigation is to make sure totalSupply() > MIN_LIQUIDITY in deposit/withdraw function.