Jolly Bamboo Goose

medium

# lenderCloseLoanWithRecipient internal function does not send the collateral to the collateral recipient argument of the call

## Summary
The lenderCloseLoanWithRecipient internal function transfers the collateral back to the lender without any incentive to the address that was supposed to be the collateral recipient during the call.
```solidity
function _lenderCloseLoanWithRecipient(
        uint256 _bidId,
        address _collateralRecipient
    ) 
```
## Vulnerability Detail
The collateral recipient argument is not used at all at the function call and the collateral claim is done through this call:
```solidity
...
collateralManager.lenderClaimCollateral(_bidId);
...
```

This is contradictory to the function implementation as it only claims the collateral back to the original lender, seen here:
```solidity
function lenderClaimCollateral(uint256 _bidId) external onlyTellerV2 {
        ...
            _withdraw(_bidId, tellerV2.getLoanLender(_bidId));
        ...
    }
```
## Impact
There are three entry points to this function, one via the public lenderCloseLoanWithRecipient function, a second at the lenderCloseLoan function and a third at the liquidateDefaultedLoanWithIncentive function.
At the first function, it receives an arbitrary collateral recipient argument. This can lead the rightful msg sender for the market to believe he/she will receive the collateral at the address specified at the call. This is not true, as it will always get sent to the lender.
At the third function it ends up calling lenderCloseLoanWithRecipient with a msg.sender as the collateral recipient. The final recipient will remain the lender regardless of that argument.
The main impact is the misleading that can happen to users, as they may expect to liquidate a defaulted loan and receive an incentive, but it doesn't ever happen.
## Code Snippet
[2024-04-teller-finance/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol at main · sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance (github.com)](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L471)

[2024-04-teller-finance/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol at main · sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance (github.com)](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/TellerV2.sol#L738)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Make sure to only allow the lender to call this function and transfer the collateral to the recipient address.
