Curly Rosewood Fish

high

# inflation attack by token transfer

## Summary
 A malicious St contract creator can steal funds from depositors by launching a typical inflation attack. To execute the attack, the creator can first deposit 1 wei to get 1 wei of ownership. Creator can subsequently send a large amount of collateral directly to the LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart  contract - this will hugely inflate the value of the single share.

Now, all subsequent pet owners who deposit their collateral will get no ownership in return. The addPrincipalToCommitmentGroup  function uses  _valueOfUnderlying(_amount, sharesExchangeRate());
 to calculate the ownership of a new depositor. While the total ownership is represented by  function _valueOfUnderlying
    remains the same 1 wei,  the totalValueBefore is a huge number, thanks to a large direct deposit done by the creator. This ensures that the 1 wei of share represents a huge value of collateral & causes the ownership of new depositors to round to 0.
## Vulnerability Detail
Bob, a malicious actor, initiates the enderCommitmentGroup_Smar contract.
By calling addPrincipalToCommitmentGroup, Bob creates a pet depositing a mere 1 wei, which grants him 1 wei of ownership.
Bob then directly transfers a significant amount, like 10 ether, to the contract.
Consequently, a single 1 wei share becomes equivalent to 10 ether.
An innocent user, Pete, tries to create a pet by calling  and deposits 1 ether.
Pete, unfortunately, receives zero ownership while his deposit remains within the   addPrincipalToCommitmentGroup contract



 function sharesExchangeRate() public view virtual returns (uint256 rate_) {
        

        uint256 poolTotalEstimatedValue = getPoolTotalEstimatedValue();

        if (poolSharesToken.totalSupply() == 0) {
            return EXCHANGE_RATE_EXPANSION_FACTOR; // 1 to 1 for first swap
        }

        rate_ =
            (poolTotalEstimatedValue  *
                EXCHANGE_RATE_EXPANSION_FACTOR) /
            poolSharesToken.totalSupply();
    }

  

    
 
    function addPrincipalToCommitmentGroup(
        uint256 _amount,
        address _sharesRecipient
    ) external returns (uint256 sharesAmount_) {
        //transfers the primary principal token from msg.sender into this contract escrow
        
        principalToken.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _amount);

   @>>>>>     sharesAmount_ = _valueOfUnderlying(_amount, sharesExchangeRate());

        totalPrincipalTokensCommitted += _amount;
        //principalTokensCommittedByLender[msg.sender] += _amount;

        //mint shares equal to _amount and give them to the shares recipient !!!
  @>>      poolSharesToken.mint(_sharesRecipient, sharesAmount_);
    }

    function _valueOfUnderlying(uint256 amount, uint256 rate)
        internal
        pure
        returns (uint256 value_)
    {
        if (rate == 0) {
            return 0;
        }

   @>>>     value_ = (amount * EXCHANGE_RATE_EXPANSION_FACTOR) / rate;
    }
## Impact
otential complete loss of funds for new depositors, given they receive no ownership in exchange for their deposited tokens.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L321
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
inflation attacks have known defences. A comprehensive discussion can be found [here](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/issues/3706).