Genuine Cyan Rook

high

# high Mitigating Inflation Attacks in Decentralized Finance

## Summary
Malicious users can exploit a vulnerability to perform an inflation attack on a vault, stealing assets from victims.
## Vulnerability Detail
A malicious user can donate to the LenderCommitmentGroup vault to carry out a classic first depositor/vault inflation attack. This type of attack is well-documented, with detailed explanations available in several resources, such as:
https://blog.openzeppelin.com/a-novel-defense-against-erc4626-inflation-attacks
https://mixbytes.io/blog/overview-of-the-inflation-attack
In essence, the attacker typically mints the smallest possible amount of shares (e.g., 1 wei) and then donates substantial assets to the vault, inflating the asset value per share. This action leads to rounding errors when other users make deposits.
The attack setup can be divided into two main parts:
1. Malicious user mints a minimal amount of share
2. Donation of assets to the vault to inflate the asset value per share
Part 1 - Malicious user mints a minimal amount of share
A user could attempt to mint 1 wei of share by contributing 1 wei of assets.
Part 2 - Donation of assets to the vault to inflate the asset value per share
In the Teller system, pool value is tracked virtually to mitigate this attack. However, this can be circumvented by inflating the totalInterestCollected value.
The attacker can inflate totalInterestCollected by offering an extremely high _interestRate, causing the collateral per share to increase after 1 block:
Then, the attacker can fully repay the bid to inflate totalInterestCollected
## Impact
Malicious users could steal the assets of the victim every time the pool is empty (when share.totalSupply = 0).
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance/blob/main/teller-protocol-v2-audit-2024/packages/contracts/contracts/LenderCommitmentForwarder/extensions/LenderCommitmentGroup/LenderCommitmentGroup_Smart.sol#L262-L286
## Tool used
Manual Review
## Recommendation
A MIN_LIQUIDITY amount of shares should exist within LenderCommitmentGroupShares to protect against a common inflation attack.
Another mitigation strategy is to ensure that totalSupply() > MIN_LIQUIDITY in the deposit/withdraw function.